Split media track and text track how-to guides into per-platform guides (#777)
THEOplayer/documentation: theoplayer/how-to-guides/shared/text-tracks/_detect-active-text-track-cues-listeners-remark.mdx

You want to invoke these event handlers before you configure your stream,

> because your video player might have already dispatched the event before you were able to subscribe to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should invoke these event handlers before you configure your stream,
because the player might have already dispatched the event before you were able to subscribe to it.
```
